#session 
### Where are they now?
[[Descend, Overview#The Cracked City of Alvakhaar]] 
They are searching for the influence of [[Nyxarael]] so [[Asher]] can progress [[Asher Questline]].
### Hooks
[[Asher Questline]], can be progressed by chasing after the essence. They will find a giant pool of black ichor. If [[Asher]] walks inside he sees visions of where his party members are.
- **Naib**: Nimbara, an altered version of the Nimbara forests, the trees look like they are made from the skin of snakes.
- **Twins**: Crescent Bay, Both seen standing by a grave holding the others name (Fredrique & Cylia Palmonde).
- **Kjara**: Alziria, she is seen on a makeshift sandskif searching for something.

They can then leave for Angel's escape from gehenna. They will encounter the other ascended Angel called for, each speed varieties to quickly let the refugees escape. Then they leave for [[The Silver City]]
Here they can quickly explore a few locations, although most of the city is still under construction. Then they have [[Resurface, Audience]] , the audience with The Sculptor, and their first time meeting him.

Here a psuedo script (talking points)
> "Welcome.... friends. You've come far. Few walk out of [[Gehenna]] with their mind intact! Fewer still with their will, Angel has told me much about your journey. You truely are an admirable lot, capable of slaying even greater demons! Truely a feat to be proud of. But most importantly, heroes like yourself are rare! But my apologies, I am being rude, I'm sure you hear my friends call me *The Sculptor*, but I am not a great fan of that name, I am their peer not their leader. The Name is Corvo"

So:
- Welcome them, and flatter them
- Assert Angel has told him about them
- Tell them he is no leader but a peer and innovator
- He thanks them for assisting Angel in his task and grants them the chance to also become ascendant.
- Ask them what their plan is once they leave
	- "What will you do once you leave this place? Return to a world that let this happen? Or help me build one that never allows it again!"
- He seeks capture, not slaughter
	- Why kill a demon when you can turn it into a shield!
- "Freedom without power is a lie. I offer the world both"
	- The weak are exploited in this world, So he seeks to remove weakness from the equation
- He is not forcing it on anyone, everyone does the ascension of their free will.
- From the visions angel saw in the mirror he takes the following:
	- "Artemis, You already burned the wicked once, cleansing the unworthy. Why not do so again at my side. Make sure you no longer have to trade lives ever again?"
	- "Aeryth, you chose peace, even through your anguish, lets make that peace a reality."
- He grants them a magical orb, which they can use to come into contact with the Sculptor and vice versa, he compares it to the likes of a sending stone, but without its restrictions.
### Encounters

### Items

### Conclusion
