#session #gehenna
### Where are they now?
Currently They're in [[The Mirror Ruins]], fighting the beast which lies inside. They will first have to finish this fight. Afterwards they can find their way out of the ruins. That is where this session really starts

### Hooks
#### Crossroads
They have 2 choices, they can go with [[Ascended |Angel]] who now has enough demon essence to return to [[The Silver City]]. If they choose this path they must first go to an area near [[Descend, Overview#The Cracked City of Alvakhaar |Alvakhaar]], which is where his portal lies. Then they go straight into [[Resurface, Overview]].

The other choice is going for the [[Descend, Overview#The Retchspire Ritual |Retchspire Ritual]], for which they still need the tongues. Choosing this path means fetching the tongues from the [[Descend, Overview#Choir of Tongues |Choir of Tongues]]. Afterwards they can het to the Retchspire and escape that way going to [[Resurface, Overview]].

### Encounters
Whichever path they choose, they go through the following encounter:

While travelling [[Gehenna]] as the last or second encounter of the day, each player must roll a DC 16 dex save, as the caves in below them. Fail or Succes they fall into the hole but on a succes they don't take fall damage, on a fail 2d6 bludgeoning. 

They fight some demons

After 2 rounds the tunnels start moving and convulsing. Theyre moving, realising they are inside a beast.
After each turn players flip a coin, on Heads a stage hazard occurs
- Sudden tilt (dex save)
-  Spasming walls dealing bludgeoning damage
- Acid vents/floods
- digestive enzyme floods 

After theyve traveled far enough they find an exit sphincter/ ruptured lung that ejects them out of the monster and onto its back.
They are raised a hundred feet  above the ground of gehenna on the back of a giant hurling beast.

While on its back, the terrain constantly shifts, chaing completely at a different point each round (roll iniative for it each round).

Tumor nests appear, this is where the demosn come from and can be destroyed but are heavily guarded.  There are also some parkour parts between skeletal rib like spines, with strong wind gusts trying to blow them off. 

On the shoulder of this monster is a large tower which seems to have broken off, off some keep built on its back.  The party can destabilize the tower and let it collapse on the monster's head to stun it. Allowing them to get off of its back.

Constant demon attacks during this. (flying voidcrawlers, some assassins etc.)

### Items

### Conclusion


