This all happened in a little over a year of playing the current campaign, playing every week/ once every 2 weeks:
# First Quartile
The party was called to help the lord of [[Ashara]] in [[Alziria]]. Many nobles and otherwise notable figures in the city were being assassinated and they had to figure out what was happening. While chasing clues and following some bandits into the desert they fell into a network of caves finding [[The Buried Citadel]]. They cleared the threats that made its home in these halls, discovering it was an old hideout of an unkown faction. They found a door with several seals on it, and opened it, unknowingly unleashing Khaldritch lord of the 1st floor of [[Gehenna]]. They also found a odd device that would allow them to teleport to any location on [[Varias]] that they desired. [[Artemis]], repaired some of the destroyed warforged they found in the citadel, to serve as servants and guards and made the citadel their base of operations, using the teleportation device to quickly travel across [[Alziria]].  

They went back to [[Ashara]] were the **Reading of The Sands** was about to occur. A large yearly festival where the next year of [[Alziria]] would be prophesized. The shaman performing the reading prophesized the return of The Devourer also known as **Khaldrith**, which, naturally was not a well received fact. The party went to the lord to help the city, storming into his castle in a surge of panic. They barged into the war-room only to see the king discussing with the assassin who killed all the nobles. Realizing the lord's plot the party quickly disposed of both of them and went to the shaman instead. 
# Second Quartile
The shaman told them to head to a nearby [[Argent Vigil]] stronghold, powerful paladins could aid them in this battle against the extra-planar. As they were about the teleport there using the portal device they discovered the device spread some sort of necrotic saplings to locations they teleported to, not wanting to piss of the paladins who's help they required they decided to travel on foot instead. After a few days of travel (and a quick detour to fight a young dragon, netting them a large horde of gold and powerful magic items, one of which was The Sword of Kas (not the official version a homebrewed one)). They arrived at the [[Argent Vigil]] stronghold. They were asked to prove themselves first having to battle one of their strong paladin warriors. They won this fight and were sent to the north of [[Alziria]], more specifically to a keep were the last breach of [[Gehenna]] was closed many years ago leaving the fabric between realms to be thin. The paladins suspected this would be the place Khaldrith would strike first. 
The party travelled many days to arrive at the fortress, traversing the many demonic threats on the way and seeing how the corruption of Khaldrith slowly seeped into the world. They made their way inside the fort passing puzzles and traps and eventually finding [[Sir Placiduas]], or atleast his corrupted form, Champion of Khaldrith. Defeating him, would mean defeating Khaldrith and extinguishing the threat. But they bit of more then they could chew. Placiduas humiliated them killing each member of the party and sending them to Gehenna to become lemurs. Luckily [[Asher]]'s dealings with powerful creatures saved them from meeting a demonic death, while still being send to [[Gehenna]] they would remain alive in their normal forms, with a small chance of escaping.
# Third Quartile
Their escape, however, was on a timer. The magic of [[Asher]]'s benefactor could only protect them for so long. They fought demons and stealthed through dangerous terrains for multiple days finding clues on different ways how to escape. Eventually meeting Angel, an ascendant made by [[The Sculptor]]. Angel knew of a way to escape but required the parties help first. They must kill a powerful demon to harvest their essence, and essence [[The Sculptor]] required to make more ascendants. After defeating a large demon in a molten keep, [[Aeryth]] harvested its claws to make powerful monk weapons (a significant power upgrade). However angel declared the essence not powerful enough, so they went on. After a few more days they arrived at a large complex made of mirrors and mercury. Entering this tortured bastion they came across a mysterious mirror, reflecting truths from each of the party-members past. Each of them made choices in this mirror which held consequences for their futures, Asher learned that he does not know the true nature of his old party's entrapment. Aeryth learned that hunting dragons with revenge and hatres makes him no better than the beasts he hunts. Artemis confirmed that the order of evil warforged he left behind and partially destroyed was coming back. And Aurelia learned that she could walk 2 paths, one of vengeance and one of forgiveness, though she does no know which one is more righteous.

 Afterwards they ran into a very powerful demon, one they defeated purely with their wits and prepared traps, and a lot of luck. This essence was more than powerful enough for [[The Sculptor]] needs so Angel escorted them to a save place to planeshift back to the material plane. 
# Fourth Quartile
Arriving in the material plane they accidentally ended up half way across the continent in Feronia, more specifically in the sanctuary city of [[The Sculptor]] here he explained his goal of evolving humanity into something stronger with demon blood. Most of the party did not agree completely with this moral-grey dillema but decided not to work against him either. Aeryth went through the evolution to gain more power, which luckily succeeded eventhough it has a 97% mortality rate. 

They left to return to the place they found Placiduas. On their way they ran into a town facing a demon problem. They learned that Khaldriths influence even spread to feronia in the time they were stuck in [[Gehenna]]. After a few days of fending of demons the towns-people decided to choose volunteers to become ascendants. While creating one new ascendant (enough to defend the town),  many died and one even transformed in to raging beast. While it was rampaging through the town the party killed it, almost losing [[Aurelia]] in the process. 

After they left town, a sending stone that they brought with them to communicate with their servant robots back in the hidden citadel started *ringing*. Hearing the voice of a man they didnt know claiming to have slain their twisted machinations. After an exchange of words they aggreed to meet in [[Raetzal]] the capital of [[Feronia]]. This meeting went better than expected and the players learned a lot. Specifically that the [[Cohors Mechanica]] was returning. Artemis was not pleased about this and they agreed to help [[Barcus Taldoran]] to dismantle their operations before they had a chance to rebuild their army. They traveled to the West into [[Antaria]] the home of the [[Cohors Mechanica]]. On their way down the mountain range dividing Feronia from Antaria they fell into a ravine during a battle with some demons. They fell into an old [[Cohors Mechanica]] complex where [[Artemis]] was forced to relive his past as a corrupted killing machine. They made their way out of the metal complex and arrived in [[Tyrrhos]] a city in [[Antaria]]. 

They went to rest in this city and take some time repairing their gear and buying new items such as health potions and magic items. The party stumbled upon [[Vaeln, He who Survives Ruin|The hand of Vaeln]] (hand of vecna but setting specific), which after a quick and chaotic exchange of words and actions resulting in Asher attaching the hand to his arm. 
Now Asher had the voice of Vaeln in his head.
Artemis still had the voice of Kas in his head due to the Sword of Kas
And while in Gehenna Aurelia found a Magical weapon The Blackrazor (again reworked for this setting). Which also had a mysterious voice beckoning her to [[Nulbriath]] to "Reunite him with his other half". Something she promised the sword to do as soon as she could in exchange for her wish coming true.
A lot of things happening at the same time.

The party decides to bench all of this as Artemis urges the party to head to the foundry to shutdown the [[Cohors Mechanica]] while they still can. And inside  that foundry is where we catch up to current events. With asher and artemis constantly having visions of the black grail, Vaeln, kas and The Cohors Mechanica
